Black Cat presents Peter Pan, by James Matthew
Barry, adapted by Gina D. B. Clemon, copyright
right, Black Cat Publishing. Chapter 1. The Darling
Family. Wendy, John, and Michael
with a lot of rooms and a garden
outside. They live with their parents, Mr. and
Mrs.
Darling. The darlings are a happy family. Mr.
and Mrs. Darling love their children very much.
Wendy is the first child, and she is
pretty. She has got long, blonde hair and
blue eyes.
John is the second child, and he is
tall and thin. He has got brown hair
and brown eyes,
and he wears glasses. Michael is the third
child, and he has got brown hair and
blue eyes.
The three children are very friendly. Wendy, John,
and Michael like playing in the nursery.
It is a big, sunny nursery, and there
are pictures on the walls. There are a
lot of toys in the nursery.
The children have a nanny called Nana. She
is a big Newfoundland dog. She is a
wonderful nanny,
and looks after the children. She loves them,
and they love her. Her kennel is in
the nursery.
One evening, Mr. and Mrs. Darling put on
some very nice clothes. They are going to
a dinner party
with their friends. Mrs. Darling goes to the
nursery. The children are playing happily.
Wendy sees her mother and says, What a
lovely dress. Yes. Says John.
You are wearing a beautiful dress. Thank you.
Says Mrs. Darling.
Your father and I are going to a
dinner party this evening. Then she looks at
Nana and says,
Nana, it is almost half past eight. It
is time to put the children to bed.
Nana looks at Mrs. Darling with her big
brown eyes and barks.
Roof. Roof. She goes to the bathroom and
turns on the hot water for Michael's bath.
But Michael does not like having baths. No.
Says little Michael.
I don't want to have a bath, and
I don't want to go to bed. Nana
is a good nanny, and the children must
listen to her.
Michael has his bath. Then she gives the
children their pajamas, and they are ready for
bed now.
Mrs. Darling comes to the nursery again and
smiles.
Good work, Nana. The children are ready for
bed. Nana looks at Mrs. Darling and barks.
Then she goes and sits near her cannel.
I can hear a noise outside the window.
Says Wendy.
Yes. Says John. I can hear it too.
Mrs. Darling goes to the nursery window and
is very surprised.
She sees a young boy outside the nursery
window.
Nana barks loudly and shuts the window quickly.
The boy's shadow falls on the floor, and
the young boy flies away.
Who's there? asks Mrs. Darling.
She opens the window and looks outside, but
she can't see anything.
How strange. There's no one here.
She turns around and sees the boy's shadow
on the floor.
Wendy, John and Michael see it too.
What's that?
They ask, looking at the shadow on the
floor.
It's the poor boy's shadow.
Says Mrs. Darling.
What can we do with it? asks Wendy.
Let's put it in the drawer.
Says Mrs. Darling.
The children get into bed.
Mr. Darling takes Nana to the garden.
Then he goes to the sitting room and
waits for Mrs. Darling.
Mrs. Darling sings to Wendy, John and Michael
and kisses them.
She is a wonderful mother.
Soon the three children are sleeping.
Mr. and Mrs. Darling go to their bedroom.
They put on their coats and go to
the dinner party.
London.
The story you are reading starts in London
in the early 1900s.
London is a wonderful city and it is
the capital of the United Kingdom.
Today almost eight million people live there.
London is a very green city.
There are more than three hundred parks.
Hyde Park is a very big park with
more than four thousand trees.
You can go biking in the park or
you can ride a boat on the Serpentine
lake.
In the summer there are music concerts in
the park.
In Kensington Gardens there is a statue of
Peter Pan and a lot of visitors go
and see it.
The River Thames runs through the city and
a lot of bridges cross it.
You can take a lovely boat ride on
the River Thames and ride under Tower Bridge.
Big Ben is the name of an enormous
clock on top of a tall tower.
You can see the tower and the clock
next to the houses of Parliament on the
River Thames.
The Tower of London is a very old
tower.
It was built between ten seventy and eleven
hundred.
You can visit the tower and see the
Queen's crown jewels.
There are always a lot of interesting things
to do and see in London.
There are more than two hundred and forty
important museums and many of them are free.
There are also a lot of important theatres.
Chapter Two
Peter's Shadow
Everything is dark and silent in the nursery.
Wendy John and Michael are sleeping and dreaming.
Outside the nursery window there is a small
ball of light.
The nursery window is open.
Suddenly the small ball of light comes into
the nursery through the window and flies around.
It is a fairy called Tinkerbell.
She is very small and lovely.
She is looking for something inside the nursery.
After a moment a young boy comes into
the nursery through the open window and looks
around.
Tink, he says, where are you?
Where is my shadow? Please find it.
Tinkerbell flies around the nursery and stops near
a drawer.
She opens it carefully and finds his shadow.
Then she gives it to him.
Thank you Tink, says the boy happily.
He goes to the bathroom and gets some
soap.
Now I can put the shadow on my
feet with some soap.
He tries to stick it on his feet,
but he can't.
Why can't I put my shadow on my
feet?
He thinks.
Now I haven't got a shadow.
He is very sad and starts to cry.
Wendy hears the boy crying and she wakes
up.
She sees a young boy, but she is
not afraid.
He has got red hair and a friendly
face.
His clothes are made of green leaves. She
thinks.
What's this boy doing in the nursery?
Little boy, why are you crying?
Wendy asks. The boy smiles and asks,
What's your name?
My name's Wendy Moira Angela Darling.
And what's yours?
Peter Pan.
Is that all?
Asks Wendy looking at him.
Yes, that's all.
Says Peter.
Then he thinks, my name is very short.
Wendy looks at his shadow on the floor
and says,
Is this your shadow?
Yes.
Says Peter.
But I can't put it on.
Wendy smiles and says,
I can sew it on.
Can you?
Oh please do it.
Says Peter happily.
Wendy gets her big sewing basket and so's
on Peter's shadow carefully.
Peter looks at her and is very glad.
After a few minutes Wendy says,
I finished.
Now you've got your shadow again.
Peter looks at the floor and he can
see his shadow.
He is happy and he dances around the
nursery.
Thank you Wendy.
He says,
You're a wonderful girl.
Do you really think so?
Asks Wendy.
Yes, I do.
Says Peter, looking at Wendy.
Wendy smiles and gives Peter a kiss on
the cheek.
Oh.
Says Peter.
That's nice.
How old are you Peter?
Asks Wendy.
Peter thinks for a moment and says,
I don't know.
But I'm young and I don't want to
grow up.
I don't want to become an adult.
I want to be a boy forever and
have lots of fun.
Wendy listens to Peter and is surprised.
Then Peter looks for his fairy.
Suddenly he hears a noise and looks in
a drawer.
Little Tinkerbell flies out.
Wendy is happy to see a fairy.
But Tinkerbell is afraid.
She hides behind the big clock.
Where do you live Peter?
Asks Wendy.
I sometimes live in Kensington Gardens.
Says Peter.
But most of the time I live in
Neverland with the Lost Boys.
Wendy does not understand.
Neverland?
The Lost Boys?
Who are they?
The Lost Boys haven't got a mother or
father.
Says Peter.
They're alone in the world and they live
in Neverland.
I'm their captain.
Oh.
Neverland sounds like a wonderful place.
Says Wendy.
It is.
Says Peter.
And we have lots of fun there.
In Neverland, we fight the pirates.
We swim in the lagoon with beautiful mermaids.
A lot of lovely fairies live in the
trees in the forest.
They're my friends.
What fun?
Says Wendy.
Well, I must go back to Neverland now.
Says Peter.
I must tell the Lost Boys a story.
You know, they love stories.
I know a lot of stories.
Says Wendy.
Then come with me to Neverland.
Says Peter.
You can tell us lots of stories.
And you can see the beautiful mermaids in
the lagoon.
Come with me.
We all want a mother.
Oh.
I can't come with you.
Says Wendy.
I can't fly.
I can teach you to fly.
Says Peter.
It's very easy.
Can you teach John and Michael to fly
too?
asks Wendy.
Of course.
Says Peter.
Wendy goes to John and Michael and says...
Wake up.
Quickly.
Peter Pan is here.
He's from Neverland.
It's a fun place.
John and Michael wake up.
And they are very surprised.
We can go to Neverland with him.
Says Wendy.
But we must learn to fly.
That's difficult.
Says John.
No, it's not.
Says Peter.
Look at me.
Peter flies around the nursery.
And the children look at him.
They are excited and try to fly.
But they fall on the beds and on
the floor.
It's impossible.
They say...
You need some fairy dust.
Says Peter laughing.
He puts some fairy dust on their heads.
Now try again.
Wendy, John and Michael can fly now.
And they are very happy.
Look, I can fly.
Says Wendy.
We can too.
Say John and Michael.
Now we can go to Neverland with Peter.
Says Wendy happily.
Tink.
Says Peter.
Show us the way to Neverland.
They follow Tinkerbell and fly out of the
nursery window.
There are a lot of stars in the
night sky.
In the garden, Nana looks at the sky
and barks loudly.
Wooo!
Mr. and Mrs. Darling return from the dinner
party at 11 o'clock.
They go to the nursery.
But it is empty.
Where are the children?
Chapter 3.
Neverland.
Wendy, John and Michael fly over London.
They see the river Thames and Tower Bridge.
There are hundreds of lights in the city.
Then they fly over big cities, small towns,
tall mountains, green forests,
and blue seas.
At last, they see an island in the
sea below them.
It is a beautiful island.
That's Neverland.
Says Peter looking down at the island.
It is a sunny day now.
But it's Wendy.
Neverland.
Say the children happily.
Look, John.
Says Wendy.
There's the lagoon.
And there's the big forest.
Says Michael.
The three children are excited.
The lost boys live in the green forest
in a secret underground home.
There are six lost boys.
And their names are Curly, Nibs,
Tootles, Slightly Soiled and the Twins.
They are waiting for Peter in the underground
home.
Suddenly they hear the voices of the pirates.
I thought I'm certain there were five of
them.
You want your eyes examined in boy?
Pass me that rope.
I can hear the pirates.
Says Tootles.
They're in the forest.
I'm afraid of them.
Says Slightly Soiled.
What can we do?
Asks Curly.
I'm not afraid of the pirates.
Says Nibs.
He goes out of the underground home.
He hides behind a big tree and looks
around.
He sees the terrible pirates.
They are walking in the forest and they
are big and strong.
They live on a pirate ship called the
Jolly Roger.
The pirates captain is James Hook.
He is a very bad pirate.
He has got black eyes, black hair and
a big black beard.
He hates Peter Pan.
He has got only one hand.
The other hand is a hook.
In the past Peter cut off Captain Hook's
right arm during a fight.
A crocodile ate the arm because crocodiles are
always hungry.
Now the crocodile follows Captain Hook everywhere because
he wants to eat him.
The crocodile has an alarm clock in its
stomach.
Captain Hook can always hear it.
We must find Peter Pan and the lost
boys.
Says Captain Hook angrily.
I know they live in this forest, but
where?
The pirates look everywhere, but they cannot find
the secret underground home.
Suddenly Captain Hook hears the alarm clock tick
tock tick tock.
The crocodile is near Christ Captain Hook.
He wants to eat me.
We must leave the forest quickly.
He runs away and the pirates follow him.
Soon some American Indians come to the forest.
They walk silently and carry bows and arrows.
They are looking for the pirates.
The pirates are their enemies.
Their leader is Tiger Lily.
She is the lovely daughter of the American
Indian chief.
She likes Peter Pan a lot.
The Indians cannot find the pirates and they
soon go away.
Now the lost boys can leave the underground
home and play in the forest.
Nibs looks at the sky and says,
Look, there's a white bird in the sky.
The lost boys look at the sky and
Curly asks,
Is it really a bird?
Of course it's a bird.
Says Tinkerbell.
It's a windy bird. You must shoot it.
Sometimes Tinkerbell is a bad fairy.
She knows that it is windy, but she
doesn't like her.
Nibs takes his bow and arrow and looks
at the sky.
He shoots windy and she falls to the
ground.
Then the lost boys go and see windy.
She's not a bird.
They say,
She's a lovely girl.
Peter flies down with John and Michael and
asks,
Where's windy?
Tutels says,
Here she is.
Peter goes to her and asks,
Wendy, are you all right?
Wendy slowly opens her eyes and smiles at
Peter.
Yes, I'm all right.
She says,
I'm lucky because the arrow hit the button
of my night dress.
The lost boys are very sorry.
Poor Wendy.
Says Curly.
What can we do?
I've got a good idea.
Says slightly soiled.
We can build her a little house.
When the little house is ready,
the lost boys go and tell Wendy.
Come and see the little house, Wendy.
Says Tutels.
Do you like it?
Ask the lost boys.
Yes, I do.
Says Wendy happily.
It's a nice little house.
Thank you.
Wendy,
Can you be our mother now?
asks nibs.
Can you tell us bedtime stories before we
go to bed?
Yes, please.
Says Tutels.
Come and be our mother.
Of course.
Says Wendy.
Come in and I can tell you the
story of Cinderella.
They listen to Wendy's story and like it
a lot.
Fairies and their magic.
People all over the world have stories about
fairies and their magic.
Some of these stories are very old and
some of them are called fairy tales.
Fairies are part of the British, Irish, Northern
European and old cultures.
In Peter Pan, Tinkerbell is Peter's fairy.
Peter says that the fairies in Neverland are
his good friends.
In Pinocchio, there is a kind fairy called
the Blue Fairy.
She always helps Pinocchio.
In Cinderella, a fairy godmother is Cinderella's good
friend.
There are fairies in one of William Shakespeare's
plays too.
In A Midsummer Night's Dream, Oberon and Titania
are the king and queen of the fairies.
They live in the forest and are important
characters in the play.
What some people say about fairies.
They are small and have wings.
They live in the forest, in trees, in
flowers and in gardens.
They are sometimes good and sometimes bad.
They are magic.
They can do good things and bad things.
Chapter 4 Danger in the Lagoon
Peter, Wendy, John, Michael and the Lost Boys
often go to the Mermaid's Lagoon.
The water is blue and beautiful.
They like swimming and playing in the Blue
Lagoon.
Beautiful mermaids live here and they are Peter's
friends.
They have got long hair and are very
pretty.
They play mermaid games and then sit on
marooners' rock and comb their long hair.
They sit in the sun and talk and
laugh.
The children like the mermaids and John says,
I want to catch a mermaid.
He tries, but the mermaid jumps into the
water and swims away.
Everyone laughs.
It's very difficult to catch a mermaid.
Says Peter.
Suddenly Peter hears a noise and says,
The pirates are coming.
I can hear them.
John, Michael and the Lost Boys jump into
the water and swim away.
They are afraid of the pirates.
But Wendy stays with Peter.
They hide behind marooners' rock.
A small boat with two pirates is coming
to the lagoon.
One pirate is Smee.
He is old and wears glasses.
The other pirate is Starkey.
He is young and has got a long
nose.
Tiger Lily is on the boat and she
is a prisoner of the pirates.
Let's leave her on this rock.
Says Smee.
When the sea rises, she's going to die.
The two pirates laugh loudly.
It is almost night and it is dark.
Poor Tiger Lily.
Thanks Peter.
She is our good friend.
I must save her.
But what can I do?
He thinks for a minute and then imitates
Captain Hook's voice.
Cut the ropes and let Tiger Lily go.
Do as I say Smee.
Let her go.
The two pirates hear Captain Hook's voice and
are very surprised.
They look at each other and then they
look around.
Starkey says Smee.
Can you hear Hook's voice?
Yes.
Says Starkey looking around.
But I don't see Hook.
We must listen to Hook and cut the
ropes.
Oops says Smee.
Are you sure?
Ask Starkey.
Of course I'm sure.
Says Smee.
Starkey gets a knife and cuts the rope.
Tiger Lily is free.
She jumps into the water and swims away.
Captain Hook is on his ship, the Jolly
Roger, and he sees everything.
He is very angry because Tiger Lily is
free.
Peter Pan is very clever.
thinks Captain Hook.
I must fight him.
Captain Hook jumps into the water and swims
to the rock.
He fights with Peter.
It is a long fight.
Captain Hook hurts Peter with his big hook.
But Peter does not stop fighting.
He is brave.
At last Peter wins the fight.
Captain Hook is angry and swims back to
the Jolly Roger.
Peter and Wendy are now alone on the
rock.
What a terrible fight Peter.
Says Wendy looking at Peter's hand.
His hand is badly hurt after the fight
with Captain Hook.
Yes, says Peter.
But I'm not afraid of Hook or the
pirates.
You're a very brave boy.
Says Wendy, smiling.
Look, says Peter.
The sea is rising and we are in
great danger here.
What can we do?
asks Wendy.
We must leave this rock immediately.
Says Peter, looking at the sea.
Oh Peter.
Says Wendy.
I can't swim or fly because I'm very
tired.
Peter thinks for a moment.
He sees a big kite with a long
tail.
It is flying slowly over the lagoon.
He quickly takes the tail of the kite
and says,
Wendy, hold on to this tail and fly
away with the kite.
Wendy flies away with the kite.
The sea is rising quickly.
Peter thinks.
I must fly away.
When Peter gets home, everyone is happy to
see him.
Chapter 5. A Secret Place
The underground home is a secret place in
the big forest.
It is a safe place because no one
knows where it is.
There is only one big room with a
fireplace.
It is a happy, warm home.
Wendy, John and Michael are very happy there.
Wendy is a wonderful mother.
She cooks and so's for everyone.
Every evening, after dinner, everyone sits in front
of the fireplace.
Wendy tells great bedtime stories.
The lost boys love these stories and are
happy because they finally have a mother.
John and Michael are happy because there is
an exciting adventure every day.
They are never bored.
Peter Pan is the perfect father.
He brings home food and protects his family.
He and Wendy play games with the children
and laugh with them.
Everyone is having a wonderful time.
But in London, Mr. and Mrs. Darling are
not happy.
They are very sad because they can't find
their three children.
And Nana is sad too.
Where are our three children?
They think.
Wendy sometimes thinks about her parents.
One evening, she says...
This evening, I'm going to tell you a
new bedtime story.
It takes place in England.
Everyone sits down in front of the fireplace
and listens to her.
In the city of London, there are two
parents.
They're very sad because they can't find their
three children.
Every night, they leave the nursery window open.
They want their children to return.
They wait and wait, but their three children
don't return.
These poor parents are terribly sad.
But Wendy...
Say John and Michael.
That's the story of our parents.
Peter listens to the story and says...
Sometimes parents forget their children and other children
take their place.
Wendy, John and Michael are surprised.
They look at Peter.
Are you sure, Peter?
asks Wendy.
Yes, I'm sure, says Peter.
Perhaps there are other children in our nursery
and in our beds.
Says Wendy.
John, Michael, we must go home immediately.
John and Michael look at Wendy and say...
Do we really have to go?
Yes, we must go home.
Says Wendy.
Quickly, we haven't got much time.
But we're happy here in Neverland with Peter
and the Lost Boys.
Says John.
There's a new adventure every day.
Says Michael.
And we're never bored.
Says John.
Neverland is a wonderful place.
Oh, Wendy.
Say the Lost Boys.
Please don't go away.
Don't leave us.
Wendy looks at the Lost Boys and says...
Please don't be sad.
You can come to London and live with
us.
You can be part of the Darling family.
Oh, Wendy.
Say the Lost Boys.
Thank you.
That's wonderful.
We can have a real family in London.
Nibs and tutels jump up and down and
laugh.
The other Lost Boys dance around the room.
They are very happy.
Peter is not happy.
I'm not coming with you to London.
Everyone is surprised and looks at him.
Why?
asks Wendy.
I don't want to grow up.
Says Peter.
I don't want to become an adult.
I want to be a boy forever.
But Peter.
Says Wendy.
All boys and girls grow up.
They become adults.
No.
Says Peter angrily.
I don't want to grow up.
You can go, but I'm not coming.
He turns around and looks at the wall.
Wendy, John, Michael and the Lost Boys say
goodbye to Peter
and leave the underground home.
They start to walk in the forest.
But they don't know that the pirates are
hiding behind the trees.
They are waiting for them.
Suddenly the pirates jump out of the forest.
The children are very surprised and try to
run away.
But there are a lot of pirates.
And they take the children to the Jolly
Roger.
Peter is inside the underground home and he
does not hear anything.
He sits in front of the fireplace and
thinks about Wendy, John and Michael and the
Lost Boys.
He is sad without them.
Tap.
There is someone at the door.
Peter goes to the door and asks,
Who's there?
He hears the sound of little bells.
And opens the door.
Tinkerbell flies in and says,
The children are with the pirates.
What do you mean, Tink? asks Peter.
Wendy, John, Michael and the Lost Boys are
on the Jolly Roger with Captain Hook.
Says Tinkerbell.
They're in danger.
Oh no.
Says Peter.
We must save them.
Let's go to the Jolly Roger quickly.
I want to fight Hook.
Peter and Tinkerbell leave the underground home and
fly to the Jolly Roger.
The Great Ormond Street Hospital for Children.
In London, there is a hospital for sick
children called the Great Ormond Street Hospital for
Children.
J.M. Barry likes children very much.
He wants children to be well and happy.
He often visits this hospital because he wants
to help the children.
Barry is a kind man.
In 1929, he decides that all the money
from book sales, films and theatre plays of
Peter Pan goes to the hospital.
And this continues today.
This money helps the hospital, the children, the
doctors and the nurses.
The children at the hospital can watch the
play Peter Pan once a year.
This is a very happy moment for them.
Chapter 6
The Pirate Ship
The Jolly Roger is a big pirate ship
in the bay near Kid's Creek.
On the ship, there is a black flag
with a white skull on it.
It is the pirate's flag.
It is night time.
And there is a yellow moon in the
dark sky.
Peter sees the children on the pirate ship.
They are prisoners of Captain Hook.
And they are afraid of him.
Captain Hook looks at the children and says,
Peter Pan can't save you now.
You're my prisoners.
He starts to laugh.
And the other pirates laugh too.
Ha ha!
Smee, come here.
Says Captain Hook.
Yes, sir.
Says Smee.
Get the plank ready for these children.
Says Captain Hook.
You're all right, sir.
Says Smee.
He goes to get the long plank.
What's the plank?
Asks John looking at Wendy.
Ha ha!
Laughs Captain Hook.
You don't know what the plank is.
You must all walk the plank tonight.
I don't understand.
Says John.
First you walk the plank.
And then you fall into the sea.
Says Captain Hook.
And in the sea there's a hungry crocodile.
He wants to eat too.
Ha ha!
Oh no!
Shout the children.
They are afraid.
But perhaps I can save two of you.
Says Captain Hook.
Looking at the children.
I want two young pirates.
Who wants to be a pirate?
The lost boys look at John.
And John looks at Michael and says...
I don't want to walk the plank.
I don't want to be food for that
hungry crocodile.
What do you mean, John?
Asks Michael.
Well.
Says John.
The life of a pirate is exciting.
There are a lot of adventures.
Let's be pirates, Michael.
Michael does not know what to say.
He and John look at Wendy.
That's a terrible idea, John.
Says Wendy.
I'm surprised at you.
Captain Hook moves his hook in front of
their faces
and laughs loudly.
Ha ha!
I want an answer from you.
Says Captain Hook.
Do you want to be pirates?
Yes or no.
John and Michael look at each other and
then say...
Never!
What?
Says Captain Hook angrily.
Then you must walk the plank and die.
Wendy is afraid.
She loves her brothers and the lost boys.
She has tears in her eyes.
A pirate shouts...
Who's the first to walk the plank?
At that moment, everyone hears a loud noise.
Tick, tock, tick, tock.
Oh no.
It's the crocodile.
Says Captain Hook.
He wants to eat me.
His face is white and he runs to
his cabin and hides there.
The crocodile is hungry tonight.
Says a pirate.
Someone must walk the plank.
Who's the first to walk the plank?
asks me, looking at John and Michael.
Let's go!
Suddenly, Peter Pan arrives and Tinkerbell follows him.
Wendy, John, Michael and the lost boys cheer
happily.
They are very happy to see him.
Peter's here!
They say.
He's going to save us!
Captain Hook comes out of his cabin and
sees Peter Pan.
He and his pirates are very angry.
Hook takes his long sword and says,
I'm going to fight you, Peter Pan.
This is your last fight because tonight you're
going to die.
Die!
Hook fights with his long sword and with
his big hook.
Peter is very brave and fights with his
small sword.
He pushes Hook to the back of the
ship.
It is a terrible fight.
John, Michael and the lost boys fight the
pirates.
After a long fight, they throw the pirates
into the sea.
Peter and Captain Hook fight all over the
ship.
Their swords make a lot of noise.
Suddenly, Peter pushes Captain Hook into the sea.
Hook shouts,
Oh no!
He falls into the sea and into the
mouth of the hungry crocodile.
Everyone cheers!
Oh Peter!
Says Wendy happily.
You're a very brave boy.
She smiles and kisses him on the cheek.
Peter is happy and says,
Now the Jolly Roger is ours!
We can go home!
Home!
Everyone shouts.
Let's go!
Chapter 7
Back in London
The Darling home in London is a very
sad place.
Mr. and Mrs. Darling never smile or laugh.
They always think about Wendy, John and Michael.
Every morning at breakfast,
Mrs. Darling looks at the three empty chairs
and says,
Where are my children?
She has tears in her eyes.
Nanna goes to the nursery and sees three
empty beds.
In the evening, Mr. Darling comes home after
work
and he does not hear his children talking
and laughing.
Mrs. Darling often sits in the silent nursery
and cries.
She thinks of her children, their games and
their happy voices.
Nanna tries to comfort her,
but nothing can make Mrs. Darling happy.
She always leaves the nursery window open.
Then one night, something wonderful happens.
Wendy, John and Michael fly into the nursery
Mrs. Darling is sitting near the fireplace and
thinking about her children.
She hears a voice and turns around.
Mother! Mother!
cries Wendy happily.
We home!
Mrs. Darling sees Wendy, John and Michael.
She is very surprised.
She cannot believe her eyes.
Oh!
She cries.
Is this true or is it a dream?
Mother!
The children say.
It's true!
We're home!
They hug their mother and kiss her.
It's wonderful to see you!
Says Mrs. Darling, looking at her three children.
Oh, let me look at you.
How wonderful to hear your sweet voices.
Nanna runs into the nursery and barks happily.
The children are very pleased to see her.
I must call your father.
Says Mrs. Darling.
George, George, come to the nursery immediately.
Mr. Darling comes to the nursery and sees
his three children.
Oh, this is a wonderful night.
He says happily.
Our children are finally home.
Mother!
Says Wendy.
Peter Pan and the lost boys are here
too.
They're waiting outside.
Ask them to come inside.
Says Mrs. Darling.
The six lost boys slowly enter the nursery
and look at Mr. and Mrs. Darling and
Nanna.
Mother?
Says Wendy.
These are the lost boys.
They haven't got a family or a mother.
Can they stay with us?
Oh, these dear little boys haven't got a
family or a mother.
Says Mrs. Darling.
Of course they can stay with us.
We're their new family.
Thank you Mrs. Darling.
Say the lost boys.
But where is Peter Pan?
asks Mrs. Darling, looking around the nursery.
Peter Pan comes into the nursery and says,
Here I am, but I don't want to
stay here.
Everyone is surprised, and Mrs. Darling asks,
Why don't you want to stay here?
I don't want to go to school and
learn things.
Says Peter.
I don't want to grow up.
I want to be a young boy and
have lots of fun forever.
But Peter.
Says Wendy sadly.
I must go back to Neverland.
Says Peter.
My home and my friends are there.
I'm happy with the Indians and the fairies.
Wendy is surprised and asks,
When can I see you then?
Mrs. Darling thinks for a moment and says,
I have a good idea.
Wendy, you can visit Peter in Neverland every
spring.
You can stay there for a week.
Can I really go to Neverland every spring
mother?
asks Wendy.
Of course you can.
Says Mrs. Darling, smiling.
Peter looks at Mrs. Darling and asks,
Is that a promise?
Of course it is.
Says Mrs. Darling.
Then I want spring to come quickly.
Says Peter happily.
Yes.
Very quickly.
Says Wendy laughing.
Come on Tink.
Says Peter.
Let's fly home and wait for spring.
Peter Pan and Tinkerbell fly out of the
nursery window
and into the night sky.
They are flying to Neverland.
Exercise three.
Wendy is taking the Lost Boys on a
short tour of London.
She is giving them some information about the
city.
Listen to her and then choose the correct
answer.
Today we are going to visit some interesting
places in London.
The first place we are going to see
is Big Ben,
the big clock tower near the houses of
Parliament.
Look at the clock at the top of
the tower.
Now we are going to travel on the
River Thames.
Let's buy tickets.
It's always fun to ride a boat on
the river.
We are going to see Tower Bridge.
The bridge sometimes opens up to let big
ships pass.
The Tower of London is near Tower Bridge.
It's very old and a lot of people
visit it.
Let's walk by this beautiful church.
It's St Paul's Cathedral.
The people of London love this church.
Oh, it's a quarter past one and time
for lunch.
After lunch we are going to Hyde Park.
It's a wonderful big park.
We can play there until half past four.
Then we must go home for tea.
The Darling Home.
What does the Darling Home in London look
like?
It is a comfortable home with a nice
garden.
On the ground floor there is a dining
room.
The family has its meals here.
There is a long table with a lot
of chairs around it.
There are also pictures on the walls.
On the ground floor there is also a
large sitting room
with a big sofa and comfortable chairs.
People sit here in the evening and read
or talk.
They also listen to music.
Families like singing together.
Often someone plays the piano.
When friends come to visit they sit in
the sitting room.
At the back of the house there is
a big kitchen.
Next to the kitchen there is a small
room called the Scullery.
This is where the servants wash up.
Some big houses have breakfast rooms and libraries.
On the first floor there are the bedrooms,
the bathroom and the nursery.
The rooms have open fireplaces.
The servants live in rooms at the top
of the house.